In the final portion of a project,
you'll be creating a S3 bucket website.
You'll turn on versioning for that S3 bucket,
and then go through a series of exercises to learn how and
demonstrate how you can make changes to a version S3 bucket,
roll back or complete undo those changes.
First thing you need to do is create an S3 bucket.
Here I have a bucket and you'll want to set it up so that it can host a website.
So let's look at the properties tab after you create your S3 bucket,
you see this paying for static website hosting.
You want to enable that, and once you do,
you'll get a URL where we can then view your website once you put some content into it.
You'll get the content from the course materials in the S3 folder within the project,
you'll find an HTML file and some graphics.
Once you upload these files into the S3 bucket and make sure they're publicly available,
you'll need to go to the URL that your S3 bucket gives you,
and it'll looks something like this.
See it's a very simple message and a picture of a winter season.
You'll see there's a timestamp.
The timestamp is what the instructor and
grader will be looking at when it comes to making sure that
this time series of
different screenshots that you provide are proceeding in the correct order.
So through the exercise,
you'll be working with some of the images as well as the index.html
file to show how different changes take
effect and to show the different versions of those files look like.
An important thing to note is this bit
right in the middle at the top in the header bar here is,
you've got this versions and you have hide and show.
So the view that we're looking at now is with multiple versions hidden.
What we just want to do is hit this "Show".
You can see that the user interface changes a bit, as you now see,
especially, if you've made any changes to a file,
you'll see that there are multiple versions.
This will be key for both this portion of the project
as well as the materials that you'll submit along with the project when you turn it in.